Reference Column Explanation (#181)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/col-refs.md

or <code class="keys">*Tab*</code> , or click anywhere outside the editor.
To close the editor and discard any changes you've made, press
<code class="keys">*Escape*</code>.

> ## How Reference columns work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Understanding reference columns
```

> As we have stated earlier, Reference columns reference an entire record in the underlying table. We can choose a label to represent the record but a reference is always pointing to a record's unique ID. What does that really mean?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference columns reference an entire record in the underlying table. We can choose a label to represent the record (the column set in "SHOW COLUMN"), but a reference's value is always a record's unique ID. Similarly, Reference Lists store a list of record ids. What does that really mean?
```

To close the editor and discard any changes you've made, press
<code class="keys">*Escape*</code>.

## Understanding reference columns

> Reference columns reference an entire record in the underlying table. We can choose a label to represent the record (the column set in "SHOW COLUMN"), but a reference's value is always a record's unique ID. Similarly, Reference Lists store a list of record ids. What does that really mean?

Reviewer: Oops, one more tweak! Sorry. We usually say "underlying table" when talking about summary tables. With reference columns, it's a good practice to say referenced table. How's this?

> Cells in a reference column always identify an _entire_ record in the referenced table. For convenience, you may select which column from that record to show by setting the "SHOW COLUMN". However, the cell's value is _always_ a record's unique ID. Similarly, Reference Lists store a list of record ids. What does that really mean?
